greet you dear friends with you
Joseph Cyrus today I would like
talk about your work about where
she moves where she already came and in
Generally say a few
possible for someone interesting and for
someone not interesting news
firstly what has already happened to my
I drove creativity in general, in his
page on youtube Canada
advertising for what it is done I do not want
Well, you preying and all that I just
I want to modernize let's say my
equipment and invest in your
project
Well, as in the project we say in development
your channel in development let's say your
personality if I may say so shorter in
promoting yourself as a blogger
that is, I will order advertising from
other bloggers I will buy
equipment
in this case, I want to buy a buttonhole
because my already covered in the video
about pizza you heard just awful sound
from camera he tried to normalize but
unsuccessfully
so in general something will go to the games
by itself for some personal expenses but
basically I will spend everything on
promoting your channel so I know what
many
negative about advertising but how I
already wrote on my page in no way
case no financial pyramids and
nothing that I personally do not like
that is, if you follow me
most likely we have with you some
common sense of taste let's say you either
anyway similar and no shit
which that's exactly harm you not
maybe maybe there will be some
neutral things be advertised there
let's say which thread groups are not really
interesting let's say anyway
nothing of what i will advertise
no harm to you then there are any pyramids
where you can put the beans and in general
lohanutsya and nothing like that this is
advertising
below will be contacts where to write
To order reklamku naturally there
no super managers will be me
I will answer you in the mail and you can
agree on any advertising and all that
here and below there will be a price list to a small
price list with promotional prices i'm not even
I know how to say I do not see it
nothing wrong although he did not specifically
I share advertising especially hidden well
Well okay, I said this further by
likes if you remember a cunning Jew and then
I asked you 200 likes so I
released a new video I noticed
on a small vulnerability in general
Our our agreement turned out that the video
gaining 200 likes the first evening and
respectively three hours after
as i posted a new video i have to
do new and i thought so here
smacks of slavery and you need something with
do this so let's three hundred
fifty likes and little by little we will
rise rise rise
because guys aren't because I'm lazy
and I have no idea let's say for new
video is the idea of ​​always writing everything down
But firstly yes it is a bit stressful
take pictures every day because i have
all the same personal life is in the second I
I do not want to slide to the level nefedova then
yes I don't want to do reviews there
my girlfriend or there I don't know
photographed with a dead dove to
then put this somewhere to the network thread
I don't want to become like this
i don't know to do some garbage for you
for you to eat this shit just because
there we had a persuasion for 200 likes
so let's
three hundred and fifty likes I will explain why
I beg for huskies this is by no means
barking frame of callousness
this channel promotion is perfect
free and completely legal and and
for us mutually beneficial that is you
watch videos like and my videos
you appear as possible
your followers watch my videos and
maybe it will be interesting they sign
persons so it works it is in no way
case does not make my ego say so
exactly done to promote the channel
here I think everything is fair that is
press one button as
thanks for i don't know for the movie me
It seems to know it is not at all that the bones
you don't even say thank you
just press one button and all
Like and No Good
so let's get three hundred fifty likes
and everything will be cool well, what’s next about
than i wanted to talk this small
new show show this of course even sounds
loud it is likely to be
videos a number of videos where I will
tell no I won't say what
tell but I will only say that it will
something like a bedroom from on the fork to who
it will say that it is plagiarism and all that and
it was already but guys let's remember
how long ago and I started not know spread
on the wall to myself any idiots that is
in fact I always made fun of stupidity
ridiculed people who don't think
head don't want to think and it's just
there will be a video format that is essentially all
what I was doing on my wall now
there will be a video I do not know whether it will be
successful show again went on sounds too
loud as if i don't know
I will speak to people somewhere
studios
that is, not in the studio I don't know in the bar in
any kind of stand understood
In no case will it be a series of boards and
I hope you like them like me
they haven't released them yet
Well, on this perhaps all I
told everything he wanted
let's summarize 1 this is advertising all
all coordinates i don't know all prices links
and so on in the comments that is not in
comments and in the caption for the second video
this likes three hundred and fifty likes
video i start working on the following
here's the last one is a new cycle and I don’t know
new transfer let's better be so
Well I hope sound that's all I hope all
told hope you enjoyed everything in
In principle, no claims
negative emotions because we are still
for the positive we have because the channel is good and
positive well guys guys all bye
subscribe to the channel put likes and
to new meetings